feat(hooks): add useMenu (#3197)
algolia/react-instantsearch: packages/react-instantsearch-hooks/README.md

}
```

### `useMenu`

> `(props: UseMenuProps) => MenuRenderState`

Hook to use a [menu](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/menu/js/).

**Types**

<details>
<summary><code>UseMenuProps</code></summary>

```ts
type UseMenuProps = {
  /**
   * The name of the attribute in the records.
   */
  attribute: string;
  /**
   * The max number of items to display when
   * `showMoreLimit` is not set or if the widget is showing less value.
   */
  limit?: number;
  /**
   * Whether to display a button that expands the number of items.
   */
  showMore?: boolean;
  /**
   * The max number of items to display if the widget
   * is showing more items.
   */
  showMoreLimit?: number;
  /**
   * How to sort refinements. Possible values: `count|isRefined|name:asc|name:desc`.
   *
   * You can also use a sort function that behaves like the standard Javascript [compareFunction](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/sort#Syntax).
   *
   * If a facetOrdering is set in the index settings, it is used when sortBy isn't passed
   */
  sortBy?: SortBy<MenuItem>;
  /**
   * Function to transform the items passed to the templates.
   */

>   transformItems?: TransformItems<MenuItem>;

Reviewer: I'm wondering how helpful theses types are, written as is. 
I think seeing `(items: MenuItem[]) => MenuItem[]` would be more explicit, for documentation.
WDYT?

Author: good point, in some others this is "made explicit"

   */
  label: string;
  /**
   * Number of matched results after refinement is applied.
   */
  count: number;
  /**
   * Indicates if the list item is refined.
   */
  isRefined: boolean;
};

type MenuRenderState = {
  /**
   * The list of filtering values returned from Algolia API.
   */
  items: MenuItem[];
  /**
   * Creates the next state url for a selected refinement.
   */
  createURL: (value: string) => string;
  /**
   * Action to apply selected refinements.
   */
  refine(value: string): void;
  /**
   * Send event to insights middleware
   */
  sendEvent: (
    eventType: string,
    facetValue: string,
    eventName?: string
  ) => void;
  /**
   * `true` if a refinement can be applied.
   */
  canRefine: boolean;
  /**
   * `true` if the toggleShowMore button can be activated (enough items to display more or
   * already displaying more than `limit` items)
   */
  canToggleShowMore: boolean;
  /**
   * True if the menu is displaying all the menu items.
   */
  isShowingMore: boolean;
  /**
   * Toggles the number of values displayed between `limit` and `showMoreLimit`.
   */
  toggleShowMore: () => void;
};
```

</details>

**Example**

```jsx
function Menu(props) {

>   const { items } = useMenu(props);

Reviewer: I would show all the parameters here, not just items.
I find that makes the example easier to copy-paste if not working with typescript.

Author: can do that after on all already made examples?

}
```

### `useMenu`

> `(props: UseMenuProps) => MenuRenderState`

Hook to use a [menu](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/menu/js/).

**Types**

<details>
<summary><code>UseMenuProps</code></summary>

```ts
type UseMenuProps = {
  /**

>    * The name of the attribute in the records.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * The attribute name in the Algolia records.
```

Author: this is copied from InstantSearch.js, so should be changed there instead

Reviewer 2: Ah, too bad.

   */
  attribute: string;
  /**

>    * The max number of items to display when
>    * `showMoreLimit` is not set or if the widget is showing less value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * The max number of items to display when `showMoreLimit` is `false`
   * or when the widget is showing fewer values.
```

Author: https://github.com/algolia/react-instantsearch/pull/3197#discussion_r754108693

   */

>   limit?: number;

Reviewer 2: In other hooks, we've documented the default values for optional arguments with the [`@default`](https://jsdoc.app/tags-default.html) directive, at least for primitives (see [`useHits`](https://github.com/algolia/react-instantsearch/tree/feat/hooks-menu/packages/react-instantsearch-hooks#usehits)).

  /**
   * Whether to display a button that expands the number of items.
   */
  showMore?: boolean;
  /**

>    * The max number of items to display if the widget
>    * is showing more items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * The max number of items to display if the widget is showing more items.
```

   */
  showMoreLimit?: number;
  /**

>    * How to sort refinements. Possible values: `count|isRefined|name:asc|name:desc`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it's designed for values, but could we leverage the [`@enum`](https://jsdoc.app/tags-enum.html) directive here?

Author: typescript is already sufficient for that no?

Reviewer 2: I was mentioning it because you documented it in the JSDoc although it's already in the types. But after checking closer, `@enum` isn't really designed for that.

   *

>    * You can also use a sort function that behaves like the standard Javascript [compareFunction](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/sort#Syntax).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * You can also pass a sort function that behaves like the standard JavaScript [`compareFunction`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/sort#Syntax).
```

   *

>    * If a facetOrdering is set in the index settings, it is used when sortBy isn't passed

Reviewer 2: Is there any documentation on the `facetOrdering` setting? Couldn't find it in the main docs.

```suggestion
   * If a `facetOrdering` is set in the index settings, it's used for sorting
   * unless you specify `sortBy`.
```

   */
  sortBy?: SortBy<MenuItem>;
  /**
   * Function to transform the items passed to the templates.
   */
  transformItems?: TransformItems<MenuItem>;
};
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><code>MenuRenderState</code></summary>

```ts
export type MenuItem = {
  /**

>    * The value of the refinement list item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * The value of the menu item.
```

   */
  value: string;
  /**

>    * Human-readable value of the refinement list item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Human-readable value of the menu item.
```

   */
  label: string;
  /**

>    * Number of matched results after refinement is applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Number of matched results after a refinement is applied.
```

   */
  count: number;
  /**

>    * Indicates if the list item is refined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Whether the list item is refined or not.
```

   */
  isRefined: boolean;
};

type MenuRenderState = {
  /**
   * The list of filtering values returned from Algolia API.
   */
  items: MenuItem[];
  /**

>    * Creates the next state url for a selected refinement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Creates the next state URL for a selected refinement.
```

   */
  createURL: (value: string) => string;
  /**

>    * Action to apply selected refinements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Function to apply selected refinements.
```

   */
  refine(value: string): void;
  /**

>    * Send event to insights middleware

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Send event to Insights middleware
```

   */
  sendEvent: (
    eventType: string,
    facetValue: string,
    eventName?: string
  ) => void;
  /**

>    * `true` if a refinement can be applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Whether a refinement can be applied.
```

   */
  canRefine: boolean;
  /**

>    * `true` if the toggleShowMore button can be activated (enough items to display more or
>    * already displaying more than `limit` items)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Whether there are enough additional items to display over the `limit`.
```

   */
  canToggleShowMore: boolean;
  /**

>    * True if the menu is displaying all the menu items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Whether the menu is displaying all the menu items.
```

   */
  isShowingMore: boolean;
  /**

>    * Toggles the number of values displayed between `limit` and `showMoreLimit`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Toggles the number of displayed values between `limit` and `showMoreLimit`.
```
